---
permalink: /W02/
---

# Top 10 List of Week 02
1. [Pass](https://wiki.archlinux.org/index.php/Pass)

It tells us about the standard Unix password manager that stored passwords in
password store. How by using GPG we can not only generate passwords for our
uses but also add the ones we already have, how to use it with ease, push it to
a remote repository in order for it to be accessed everywhere all as long as you
possess the GPG key to access the files stored in the password store

2. [GnuPG](https://wiki.archlinux.org/index.php/GnuPG)

Tells us about the basics on using GPG founded on the Unix system. How to
generate a key pair, how to export and import a public key as well as encrypt
and decrypt files with various signatures. It also tells about the various
probable problems and how to troubleshoot them as well.

3. [cheat.sh](https://github.com/chubin/cheat.sh)

A script to obtain a cheat sheet for a UNIX/Linux command from the command
line. We can also use the script to obtain a cheatsheet for a particular
programming language, query about a particular question, as well as learn about
a programming language with a cheatsheet.

4. [Bashrc Generator](https://bashrcgenerator.com/)

A website that generates custom prompt for bash. It also include references for
customizing such as colors, commands, and custom functions as well.

5. [Whatâ€™s the Difference Between Bash, Zsh, and Other Linux Shells?](https://www.howtogeek.com/68563/HTG-EXPLAINS-WHAT-ARE-THE-DIFFERENCES-BETWEEN-LINUX-SHELLS/)

It explains what shells do, it's history, the shells leading up to bash, it's
birth, the many newer shells and how to change between them.

6. [fzf](https://github.com/junegunn/fzf)

It's a repository that'll make traversing through the cli a lot more easier.
FZF is is an interactive Unix filter for the command-line that can be used for
any list such as files, command history, processes, git commits, etc. With this
tool around you can reach the folder of your destination, search through the
command history, find the package you need, or find a particular file you
needed a lot more easier.

7. [vifm](https://github.com/vifm/vifm)

A file manager for the terminal inspired by Vim. It might not be as easy to use
than a GUI file manager but it'll certainly be useful when you can't use one.
With vifm you can easily copy, move, delete, rename, change permissions, and
all sorts of other things that can be a hassle to do by typing.

8. [awesome-cli-apps](https://github.com/agarrharr/awesome-cli-apps)

A collection of cool and interesting cli programs that'll make using the
terminal a lot more fun, and hopefully a lot more productive.

9. [tmux](https://github.com/tmux/tmux)

A terminal multiplexer. A neat little thing that allows the creation, accessed,
and control of multiple terminal with a single screen. Furthermore tmux allows
you to detach a terminal, making them running on the background to later be
attached when you need it be (it also helps that if you ever accidentally quit
it you can just attach it and continue where you left off).

10. [curl vs wget](https://martin-thoma.com/curl-vs-wget/)

Tells the difference between curl and wget, their strength
